                                           Something about Google Chrome
    Google Chrome is a freeware web browser developed by Google. It used the WebKit layout engine until version 27 and, with 
the exception of its iOS releases, from version 28 and beyond uses the WebKit fork Blink. It was firstreleased as a beta ver-
sion for Microsoft Windows on September 2, 2008, and as astable public release on December 11, 2008. As of September 2015, 
StatCounterestimates that Google Chrome has a 56% worldwide usage share of web browsers asa desktop browser. It is also the 
most popular browser for smartphones, andcombined across all platforms at about 45%. Its success has led to Googleexpanding the 
'Chrome' brand name on various other products such as the Chromecast. Google releases the majority of Chrome's source code as 
anopen-source project Chromium. A notable component that is not open source istheir version of the built-in Adobe Flash Player,
called Pepper Flash Player.
    GoogleChrome features a minimalistic user interface, with its user-interfaceprinciples later being implemented into other 
browsers. For example, themerging of the address bar and search bar into the omnibox. Chrome also has a reputation for strong 
browser performance.
1.   Bookmarks and settingssynchronization
  Chrome allows users to synchronize their bookmarks, history, andsettings across all devices with the browser installed by 
sending and receivingdata through a chosen Google Account, which in turn updates all signed-ininstances of Chrome. This can be 
authenticated either through Googlecredentials, or a sync passphrase.

2.   Web standards support
  As of May 2011, Chrome has very good support forJavaScript/ECMAScript according to Ecma International's ECMAScript standards
conformance Test 262. This test reports as the final score the number of testsa browser failed; hence lower scores are better. 
In this test, Chrome version37 scored 10 failed/11578 passed.On the HTML5 web standards test, Chrome 41 scores 518 out of 
555points, placing it ahead of the five most popular desktopbrowsers. Chrome 41on Android scores 510 out of 555 points.

3.   Security
  Chrome periodically retrieves updates of two blacklists (one forphishing and one for malware), and warns users when they 
attempt to visit asite flagged as potentially harmful. This service is also made available foruse by others via a free public 
API called "Google Safe Browsing API"
  Chrome uses a process-allocation model tosandbox tabs. Using the principle of least privilege, each tab process cannotin- 
teract with critical memory functions or other tab processes — similar toMicrosoft's "Protected Mode" used by Internet Explorer 9
or greater.

4.    Privacy mode
   The private browsing feature called Incognito mode prevents thebrowser from permanently storing any history information or 
cookies from thewebsites visited. Incognito mode is similar to the private browsing feature inother web browsers.

Though it has already existed for quite a few years, to meet the newdemands of people, Google Chrome still needs to further improve some of itsfunctions.
1.  Make memory usage rate down.
  When you start Chrome, your PC’s memory seems to be ran out of, and when you are using it,memory usage can be lower obviously, 
so youcan ues other software fluently because of low memory.

2.  Make it more stable.
  Though Google Chrome has a good stability, sometimes it will break up. Stability is the basic of good user experience.

3.  Make it use significantlyless electricity.
  Google Chrome is Known as wasting electricity, only if Chrome canchange this bad feature, can it has a better user experience
and have a brandermarket in PC.

4.  Make hard disk read-writetimes fewer.
  Google Chrome will have a lot of hard disk read-write action even ifyou don’t have any actions to your PC. It will give PC a 
tough task to completeand make system speed down. Also it will make hard dick life shorter.

5.  Make it support all banking Website.

 This is all I want to say about Google Chrome. Thanks for reading.
